What beer is marketed as The king of beers? Budweiser,Heineken,Guinness, Corona
What name is given to a female swan? Pen, Calf, Little Baby, None
Christiano Ronaldo plays for what football(soccer) club? Real Madrid, F.C Barcelona, Arsenal, Juventus
Which is the world's second largest French-speaking city? Montreal-Canada, Texas-U.S,Kabul-Afghanistan,Manchester-England
What angle is formed by the hands of a clock at 4 o'clock? 120, 90, 180, 45
How many teeth does a bear have? 42, 38, 40, 39
How many toes does a dog have? 18, 20, 45, 17
Where would you find the Sea of Tranquillity? The Moon, On Mars, Grand Canyon, None
What was the first country to win the World Cup twice? Italy, Spain, Germany, France
Who won the 2015 NBA MVP award? Stephen Curry, Lebron James, James Harden, Kobe Bryant
Which planet did Superman come from? Krypton, Xenon, Argon, Neon
What colour would Coca Cola be if you were to remove the artificial colouring? Green, Red, Blue, Yellow
How many legs do butterflies have? 6, 12, 5, 9
Which British prime minister was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature? Sir Winston Churchill, David Cameron, Tony Blair,Gordon Brown 
What is the most popular sport in the world? Soccer, American Eggball, Basketball, Hockey
Which is the only country to lie entirely within the Alps? Liechtenstein, Afghanistan, Pakistan, India
Where was the first FIFA World Cup hosted?Uruguay, Germany, Brazil, Burkina Faso
What fruit explodes when put in the microwave? Grape, Orange, PineApple, Lemon
Who did Time Magazine name Man of the year in 1938? Adolf Hitler, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Benito Mussolini, Winston Churchill
Which three-digit number refers to the NOT FOUND error message indicating that a HTTP server cannot find the requested item? 404, 301, 302, 505
In American football, how many points is a touchdown worth? 6, 7, 8, 9
Which animal can walk up stairs but not down? A cow, A sheep, A goat, A donkey
What international news magazine became an online published magazine only in January 2013? Newsweek, Reuters, CNN, BBC
What is infant whale commonly called? Calf, Larvae, Infant, None
Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel? Michelangelo, Barack Obama, Leonardo da Vinci, Picasso
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is equal to how many degrees Fahrenheit? -40, -50, -30, -65
For what movie did Leonardo DiCaprio win an Oscar? The Revenant, Ride Along 2, Titanic, Inception
In which state can you rip the tags off of pillows and mattresses? Colorado, Nevada, California, Texas
In Darts, how much is the Outer Bull worth? 25, 30, 33, 24
Who invented Nachos? Nacho, Spicy Nacho, Cheese Nacho, Flaming Hot Nacho
What is the safest car color? White, Blue, Red, Green
How many keys on a standard piano? 88, 90, 67, 100
What colour to do you get when you mix red and white? Pink, Green, Yellow, Blue
In TV's The Simpsons, what is the name of Ned Flanders two children? Rod and Todd, Simpson and Homer, Homer and Todd, Sarah and Blake
What is Pakistan's currency? Rupee, Dollar, Frank, Bitcoin
Which capital city lies on the Potomac River? Washington D.C., Denver-Colorado, Tallahassee-Florida, Houston-Texas
The pot-bellied pig is a breed of domesticated pig originating in which Asian country? Vietnam, Brazil, Germany, Iraq
What superhero has been played by Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer, George Clooney and Christian Bale? Batman, Superman, Iron Man, Hulk
What is the square root of 16? 4,6,8,9
What is the capital of Nepal? Kathmandu, Hanulod, Farji, Pulrice
How many dots are there in total on a pair of dice? 42,67, 46, 43
How many % of NFL players are bankrupt two years after finishing their career? 78,56,34,98
In which state is it against the law to fish from the back of a horse? Utah, Colorado,Nebraska,Florida
